README.md, before:

![E2B Fragments Preview Light](/readme-assets/fragments-light.png#gh-light-mode-only)
![E2B Fragments Preview Dark](/readme-assets/fragments-dark.png#gh-dark-mode-only)

# Fragments by E2B

This is an open-source version of apps like [Anthropic's Claude Artifacts](https://www.anthropic.com/news/claude-3-5-sonnet), Vercel [v0](https://v0.dev), or [GPT Engineer](https://gptengineer.app).

Powered by the [E2B SDK](https://github.com/e2b-dev/code-interpreter).

[→ Try on fragments.e2b.dev](https://fragments.e2b.dev)

## Features

- Based on Next.js 14 (App Router, Server Actions), shadcn/ui, TailwindCSS, Vercel AI SDK.
- Uses the [E2B SDK](https://github.com/e2b-dev/code-interpreter) by [E2B](https://e2b.dev) to securely execute code generated by AI.
- Streaming in the UI.
- Can install and use any package from npm, pip.
- Supported stacks ([add your own](#adding-custom-personas)):
  - 🔸 Python interpreter
  - 🔸 Next.js
  - 🔸 Vue.js
  - 🔸 Streamlit
  - 🔸 Gradio
- Supported LLM Providers ([add your own](#adding-custom-llm-models)):
  - 🔸 OpenAI
  - 🔸 Anthropic
  - 🔸 Google AI
  - 🔸 Mistral
  - 🔸 Groq
  - 🔸 Fireworks
  - 🔸 Together AI
  - 🔸 Ollama

**Make sure to give us a star!**

<img width="165" alt="Screenshot 2024-04-20 at 22 13 32" src="https://github.com/mishushakov/llm-scraper/assets/10400064/11e2a79f-a835-48c4-9f85-5c104ca7bb49">

## Get started

### Prerequisites

- [git](https://git-scm.com)
- Recent version of [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) and npm package manager
- [E2B API Key](https://e2b.dev)
- LLM Provider API Key

### 1. Clone the repository

In your terminal:

```
git clone https://github.com/e2b-dev/fragments.git
```

### 2. Install the dependencies

Enter the repository:

```
cd fragments
```

Run the following to install the required dependencies:

```
npm i
```

### 3. Set the environment variables

Create a `.env.local` file and set the following:

```sh
# Get your API key here - https://e2b.dev/
E2B_API_KEY="your-e2b-api-key"

# OpenAI API Key
OPENAI_API_KEY=

# Other providers
ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=
GROQ_API_KEY=
FIREWORKS_API_KEY=
TOGETHER_API_KEY=
GOOGLE_AI_API_KEY=
GOOGLE_VERTEX_CREDENTIALS=
MISTRAL_API_KEY=
XAI_API_KEY=

### Optional env vars

# Domain of the site
NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL=

# Rate limit
RATE_LIMIT_MAX_REQUESTS=
RATE_LIMIT_WINDOW=

# Vercel/Upstash KV (short URLs, rate limiting)
KV_REST_API_URL=
KV_REST_API_TOKEN=

# Supabase (auth)
SUPABASE_URL=
SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=

# PostHog (analytics)
NEXT_PUBLIC_POSTHOG_KEY=
NEXT_PUBLIC_POSTHOG_HOST=

### Disabling functionality (when uncommented)

# Disable API key and base URL input in the chat
# NEXT_PUBLIC_NO_API_KEY_INPUT=
# NEXT_PUBLIC_NO_BASE_URL_INPUT=

# Hide local models from the list of available models
# NEXT_PUBLIC_HIDE_LOCAL_MODELS=
```

### 4. Start the development server

```
npm run dev
```

### 5. Build the web app

```
npm run build
```

## Customize

### Adding custom personas

1. Make sure [E2B CLI](https://e2b.dev/docs/cli) is installed and you're logged in.

2. Add a new folder under [sandbox-templates/](sandbox-templates/)

3. Initialize a new template using E2B CLI:

    ```
    e2b template init
    ```

    This will create a new file called `e2b.Dockerfile`.

4. Adjust the `e2b.Dockerfile`

    Here's an example streamlit template:

    ```Dockerfile
    # You can use most Debian-based base images
    FROM python:3.19-slim

    RUN pip3 install --no-cache-dir streamlit pandas numpy matplotlib requests seaborn plotly

    # Copy the code to the container
    WORKDIR /home/user
    COPY . /home/user
    ```

5. Specify a custom start command in `e2b.toml`:

    ```toml
    start_cmd = "cd /home/user && streamlit run app.py"
    ```

6. Deploy the template with the E2B CLI

    ```
    e2b template build --name <template-name>
    ```

    After the build has finished, you should get the following message:

    ```
    ✅ Building sandbox template <template-id> <template-name> finished.
    ```

7. Open [lib/templates.json](lib/templates.json) in your code editor.

    Add your new template to the list. Here's an example for Streamlit:

    ```json
    "streamlit-developer": {
      "name": "Streamlit developer",
      "lib": [
        "streamlit",
        "pandas",
        "numpy",
        "matplotlib",
        "request",
        "seaborn",
        "plotly"
      ],
      "file": "app.py",
      "instructions": "A streamlit app that reloads automatically.",
      "port": 8501 // can be null
    },
    ```

    Provide a template id (as key), name, list of dependencies, entrypoint and a port (optional). You can also add additional instructions that will be given to the LLM.

4. Optionally, add a new logo under [public/thirdparty/templates](public/thirdparty/templates)

### Adding custom LLM models

1. Open [lib/models.json](lib/models.ts) in your code editor.

2. Add a new entry to the models list:

    ```json
    {
      "id": "mistral-large",
      "name": "Mistral Large",
      "provider": "Ollama",
      "providerId": "ollama"
    }
    ```

    Where id is the model id, name is the model name (visible in the UI), provider is the provider name and providerId is the provider tag (see [adding providers](#adding-custom-llm-providers) below).

### Adding custom LLM providers

1. Open [lib/models.ts](lib/models.ts) in your code editor.

2. Add a new entry to the `providerConfigs` list:

    Example for fireworks:

    ```ts
    fireworks: () => createOpenAI({ apiKey: apiKey || process.env.FIREWORKS_API_KEY, baseURL: baseURL || 'https://api.fireworks.ai/inference/v1' })(modelNameString),
    ```

3. Optionally, adjust the default structured output mode in the `getDefaultMode` function:

    ```ts
    if (providerId === 'fireworks') {
      return 'json'
    }
    ```

4. Optionally, add a new logo under [public/thirdparty/logos](public/thirdparty/logos)

## Contributing

As an open-source project, we welcome contributions from the community. If you are experiencing any bugs or want to add some improvements, please feel free to open an issue or pull request.

Commit message:

Add Vercel deployment button and link to deployment guide in README

README.md, after:

![E2B Fragments Preview Light](/readme-assets/fragments-light.png#gh-light-mode-only)
![E2B Fragments Preview Dark](/readme-assets/fragments-dark.png#gh-dark-mode-only)

# Fragments by E2B

This is an open-source version of apps like [Anthropic's Claude Artifacts](https://www.anthropic.com/news/claude-3-5-sonnet), Vercel [v0](https://v0.dev), or [GPT Engineer](https://gptengineer.app).

Powered by the [E2B SDK](https://github.com/e2b-dev/code-interpreter).

[→ Try on fragments.e2b.dev](https://fragments.e2b.dev)

## Deploy to Vercel

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/saintus-create/open-source-ai-artifacts)

📖 **[Read the full deployment guide →](DEPLOYMENT.md)**

## Features

- Based on Next.js 14 (App Router, Server Actions), shadcn/ui, TailwindCSS, Vercel AI SDK.
- Uses the [E2B SDK](https://github.com/e2b-dev/code-interpreter) by [E2B](https://e2b.dev) to securely execute code generated by AI.
- Streaming in the UI.
- Can install and use any package from npm, pip.
- Supported stacks ([add your own](#adding-custom-personas)):
  - 🔸 Python interpreter
  - 🔸 Next.js
  - 🔸 Vue.js
  - 🔸 Streamlit
  - 🔸 Gradio
- Supported LLM Providers ([add your own](#adding-custom-llm-models)):
  - 🔸 OpenAI
  - 🔸 Anthropic
  - 🔸 Google AI
  - 🔸 Mistral
  - 🔸 Groq
  - 🔸 Fireworks
  - 🔸 Together AI
  - 🔸 Ollama

**Make sure to give us a star!**

<img width="165" alt="Screenshot 2024-04-20 at 22 13 32" src="https://github.com/mishushakov/llm-scraper/assets/10400064/11e2a79f-a835-48c4-9f85-5c104ca7bb49">

## Get started

### Prerequisites

- [git](https://git-scm.com)
- Recent version of [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) and npm package manager
- [E2B API Key](https://e2b.dev)
- LLM Provider API Key

### 1. Clone the repository

In your terminal:

```
git clone https://github.com/e2b-dev/fragments.git
```

### 2. Install the dependencies

Enter the repository:

```
cd fragments
```

Run the following to install the required dependencies:

```
npm i
```

### 3. Set the environment variables

Create a `.env.local` file and set the following:

```sh
# Get your API key here - https://e2b.dev/
E2B_API_KEY="your-e2b-api-key"

# OpenAI API Key
OPENAI_API_KEY=

# Other providers
ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=
GROQ_API_KEY=
FIREWORKS_API_KEY=
TOGETHER_API_KEY=
GOOGLE_AI_API_KEY=
GOOGLE_VERTEX_CREDENTIALS=
MISTRAL_API_KEY=
XAI_API_KEY=

### Optional env vars

# Domain of the site
NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL=

# Rate limit
RATE_LIMIT_MAX_REQUESTS=
RATE_LIMIT_WINDOW=

# Vercel/Upstash KV (short URLs, rate limiting)
KV_REST_API_URL=
KV_REST_API_TOKEN=

# Supabase (auth)
SUPABASE_URL=
SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=

# PostHog (analytics)
NEXT_PUBLIC_POSTHOG_KEY=
NEXT_PUBLIC_POSTHOG_HOST=

### Disabling functionality (when uncommented)

# Disable API key and base URL input in the chat
# NEXT_PUBLIC_NO_API_KEY_INPUT=
# NEXT_PUBLIC_NO_BASE_URL_INPUT=

# Hide local models from the list of available models
# NEXT_PUBLIC_HIDE_LOCAL_MODELS=
```

### 4. Start the development server

```
npm run dev
```

### 5. Build the web app

```
npm run build
```

## Customize

### Adding custom personas

1. Make sure [E2B CLI](https://e2b.dev/docs/cli) is installed and you're logged in.

2. Add a new folder under [sandbox-templates/](sandbox-templates/)

3. Initialize a new template using E2B CLI:

    ```
    e2b template init
    ```

    This will create a new file called `e2b.Dockerfile`.

4. Adjust the `e2b.Dockerfile`

    Here's an example streamlit template:

    ```Dockerfile
    # You can use most Debian-based base images
    FROM python:3.19-slim

    RUN pip3 install --no-cache-dir streamlit pandas numpy matplotlib requests seaborn plotly

    # Copy the code to the container
    WORKDIR /home/user
    COPY . /home/user
    ```

5. Specify a custom start command in `e2b.toml`:

    ```toml
    start_cmd = "cd /home/user && streamlit run app.py"
    ```

6. Deploy the template with the E2B CLI

    ```
    e2b template build --name <template-name>
    ```

    After the build has finished, you should get the following message:

    ```
    ✅ Building sandbox template <template-id> <template-name> finished.
    ```

7. Open [lib/templates.json](lib/templates.json) in your code editor.

    Add your new template to the list. Here's an example for Streamlit:

    ```json
    "streamlit-developer": {
      "name": "Streamlit developer",
      "lib": [
        "streamlit",
        "pandas",
        "numpy",
        "matplotlib",
        "request",
        "seaborn",
        "plotly"
      ],
      "file": "app.py",
      "instructions": "A streamlit app that reloads automatically.",
      "port": 8501 // can be null
    },
    ```

    Provide a template id (as key), name, list of dependencies, entrypoint and a port (optional). You can also add additional instructions that will be given to the LLM.

4. Optionally, add a new logo under [public/thirdparty/templates](public/thirdparty/templates)

### Adding custom LLM models

1. Open [lib/models.json](lib/models.ts) in your code editor.

2. Add a new entry to the models list:

    ```json
    {
      "id": "mistral-large",
      "name": "Mistral Large",
      "provider": "Ollama",
      "providerId": "ollama"
    }
    ```

    Where id is the model id, name is the model name (visible in the UI), provider is the provider name and providerId is the provider tag (see [adding providers](#adding-custom-llm-providers) below).

### Adding custom LLM providers

1. Open [lib/models.ts](lib/models.ts) in your code editor.

2. Add a new entry to the `providerConfigs` list:

    Example for fireworks:

    ```ts
    fireworks: () => createOpenAI({ apiKey: apiKey || process.env.FIREWORKS_API_KEY, baseURL: baseURL || 'https://api.fireworks.ai/inference/v1' })(modelNameString),
    ```

3. Optionally, adjust the default structured output mode in the `getDefaultMode` function:

    ```ts
    if (providerId === 'fireworks') {
      return 'json'
    }
    ```

4. Optionally, add a new logo under [public/thirdparty/logos](public/thirdparty/logos)

## Contributing

As an open-source project, we welcome contributions from the community. If you are experiencing any bugs or want to add some improvements, please feel free to open an issue or pull request.
